Add an index page to the docu and change readme of the repo. (#35)
echemdb/echemdb: README.md

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/echemdb/echemdb/0.1.3?urlpath=tree%2Fdoc%2Fusage%2Fentry_interactions.md)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.6502901.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6502901)

The [echemdb repository](https://echemdb.github.io/website/) contains high
quality experimental and theoretical data on electrochemical systems.

This echemdb module provides a Python library to interact with a database of 
[frictionless datapackages](https://frictionlessdata.io/)
containing electrochemical data following [echemdb's metadata schema](https://github.com/echemdb/metadata-schema).

> Such a database can be generated from the data schown on [echemdb.org](https://www.echemdb.org) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a database can be generated from the data on [echemdb.org](https://www.echemdb.org) 
```

> or it can be created from local files which have the same file structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or from local files.
```

>>> entry = db['engstfeld_2018_polycrystalline_17743_f4b_1']
```

> Each entry has a set of descriptors which contain information about its `source`, the electrochemical system `system`, or the original publication's figure properties `entry.figure_description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry has a set of descriptors such as its ``source`` or the electrochemical ``system``.
```
